federalist 56
the same subject continued the total
number of the house of representatives
from the new york packet tuesday
february 19 1788 hamilton or madison
to the people of the state of new york
the second charge against the house of
representatives is that it will be too
small to possess a due knowledge of the
interests of its constituents
as this objection evidently proceeds
from a comparison of the proposed number
of representatives with the great extent
of the united states the number of their
inhabitants and the diversity of their
interests without taking into view at
the same time the circumstances which
will distinguish the congress from other
legislative bodies the best answer that
can be given to it will be a brief
explanation of these peculiarities
it is a sound and important principle
that the representative ought to be
acquainted with the interests and
circumstances of his constituents
but this principle can extend no further
than to those circumstances and
interests to which the authority and
care of the representative relate
an ignorance of a variety of minute and
particular objects which do not lie
within the compass of legislation is
consistent with every attribute
necessary to a due performance of the
legislative trust
in determining the extent of information
required in the exercise of a particular
authority recourse then must be had to
the objects within the purview of that
authority
what are to be the objects of federal
legislation
those which are of most importance and
which seem most to require local
knowledge are commerce taxation and the
militia
a proper regulation of commerce requires
much information as has been elsewhere
remarked but as far as this information
relates to the laws and local situation
of each individual state a very few
representatives would be very sufficient
vehicles of it to the federal councils
taxation will consist in a great measure
of duties which will be involved in the
regulation of commerce so far the
preceding remark is applicable to this
object
as far as it may consist of internal
collections a more diffusive knowledge
of the circumstances of the state may be
necessary but will not this also be
possessed in sufficient degree by a very
few intelligent men diffusively elected
within the state
divide the largest state into 10 or 12
districts and it will be found that
there will be no peculiar local
interests in either which will not be
within the knowledge of the
representative of the district besides
this source of information the laws of
the state framed by representatives from
every part of it will be almost of
themselves a sufficient guide
in every state there have been made and
must continue to be made regulations on
this subject which will in many cases
leave little more to be done by the
federal legislature than to review the
different laws and reduce them in one
general act a skillful individual in his
closet with all the local codes before
him might compile a law on some subjects
of taxation for the whole union without
any aid from oral information and it may
be expected that whenever internal taxes
may be necessary and particularly in
cases requiring uniformity throughout
the states the more simple objects will
be preferred
to be fully sensible of the facility
which will be given to this branch of
federal legislation by the assistance of
the state codes we need only suppose for
a moment that this or any other state
were divided into a number of parts each
having and exercising within itself a
power of local legislation
is it not evident that a degree of local
information and preparatory labor would
be found in the several volumes of their
proceedings which would very much
shorten the labors of the general
legislature and render a much smaller
number of members sufficient for it the
federal councils will derive great
advantage from another circumstance the
representatives of each state will not
only bring with them a considerable
knowledge of its laws and a local
knowledge of their respective districts
but will probably in all cases have been
members and may even at the very time be
members of the state legislature where
all the local information and interests
of the state are assembled and from once
they may easily be conveyed by very few
hands into the legislature of the united
states
the observations made on the subject of
taxation apply with greater force to the
case of the militia
for however different the rules of
discipline may be in different states
they are the same throughout each
particular state and depend on
circumstances which can differ but
little in different parts of the same
state
the attentive reader will discern that
the reasoning here used to prove the
sufficiency of a moderate number of
representatives does not in any respect
contradict what was urged on another
occasion with regard to the extensive
information which the representatives
ought to possess and the time that might
be necessary for acquiring it
this information so far as it may relate
to local objects is rendered necessary
and difficult not by a difference of
laws and local circumstances within a
single state but of those among
different states taking each state by
itself its laws are the same and its
interests but little diversified a few
men therefore will possess all the
knowledge requisite for a proper
representation of them
were the interests and affairs of each
individual state perfectly simple and
uniform a knowledge of them in one part
would involve knowledge of them in every
other and the whole state might be
completely represented by a single
member taken from any part of it
on a comparison of the different states
together we find a great dissimilarity
in their laws and in many other
circumstances connected with the objects
of federal legislation with all of which
the federal representatives ought to
have some acquaintance whilst a few
representatives therefore from each
state may bring with them a due
knowledge of their own state every
representative will have much
information to acquire concerning all
the other states
the changes of time as was formally
remarked on the comparative situation of
the different states will have an
assimilating effect
the effect of time on the internal
affairs of the states taken singley will
be just the contrary
at present some of the states are little
more than a society of husbandmen
few of them have made much progress in
those branches of industry which give a
variety and complexity to the affairs of
a nation
these however will in all of them be the
fruits of a more advanced population and
will require on the part of each state a
fuller representation
the foresight of the convention has
accordingly taken care that the progress
of population may be accompanied with a
proper increase of the representative
branch of the government
the experience of great britain which
presents to mankind so many political
lessons both the monetary and exemplary
kind and which has been frequently
consulted in the course of these
inquiries corroborates the result of the
reflections which we have just made
the number of inhabitants in the two
kingdoms of england and scotland cannot
be stated at less than eight millions
the representatives of these eight
millions in the house of commons amount
to
558 of this number one-ninth are elected
to 364 persons and one-half by
5723 persons berg's political
disquisitions
it cannot be supposed that the half thus
elected and who do not even reside among
the people at large can add anything
either to the security of the people
against the government or to the
knowledge of their circumstances and
interests in the legislative councils
on the contrary it is notorious that
they are more frequently the
representatives and instruments of the
executive magistrate than the guardians
and advocates of the popular rights
they might therefore with great
propriety be considered as something
more than a mere deduction from the real
representatives of the nation we will
however consider them in this light
alone and will not extend the deduction
to a considerable number of others who
do not reside among their constituents
are fairly connected with them and have
very little particular knowledge of
their affairs
with all these concessions 279 persons
only will be the depository of the
safety interest and happiness of eight
millions that is to say there will be
one representative only to maintain the
rights and explain the situation of 28
670 constituents in an assembly exposed
to the whole force of executive
influence and extending its authority to
every object of legislation within a
nation whose affairs are in the highest
degree diversified and complicated
yet it is very certain not only that a
valuable portion of freedom has been
preserved under all these circumstances
but that the defects in the british code
are chargeable in a very small
proportion on the ignorance of the
legislature concerning the circumstances
of the people allowing to this case the
weight which is due to it and comparing
it with that of the house of
representatives as above explained it
seems to give the fullest assurance that
a representative for every 30 000
inhabitants will render the latter both
a safe and competent guardian of the
interests which will be confided to it
publius